## Problem
Given an array of integers `nums` and an integer `target`, return the indices `i` and `j` such that `nums[i] + nums[j] == target` and `i != j`.

You may assume that *every* input has exactly one pair of indices `i` and `j` that satisfy the condition.

Return the answer with the smaller index first.

## Example
```python
Input: nums = [3,4,5,6], target = 7

Output: [0,1]
```

## Solution
```python
class Solution:
    def twoSum(self, nums: List[int], target: int) -> List[int]:
        seen = {}
        for i, num in enumerate(nums):
            sub = target - num
            if sub in seen:
                return list(sorted([seen[sub], i]))
            seen[num] = i
```

We can use a HashMap to solve this problem. First, we need to set up a dictionary (our map) to track the numbers we have seen and the index in which they appear in the numbers list. Then we can loop through that numbers list, and calculate the difference of subtracting the current number from the target. Then we can check if that number appears in the HashMap.

> IMPORTANT: We use the number as the key and the index as the value because of the assumption that "*every* input has exactly **one** pair of indices `i` and `j` that satisfy the condition.". If there were more than one pair, then we would have to store the indices as the keys and the numbers as the values and change our lookup code logic.

If we find the difference of subtracting the current number from the target in the HashMap, then we can return a sorted list that contains the index of the difference of subtracting the current number from the target and the current number from smallest to largest.