## Problem
You are given a string `s` consisting of the following characters: `'('`, `')'`, `'{'`, `'}'`, `'['` and `']'`.

The input string `s` is valid if and only if:

1. Every open bracket is closed by the same type of close bracket.
2. Open brackets are closed in the correct order.
3. Every close bracket has a corresponding open bracket of the same type.

Return `true` if `s` is a valid string, and `false` otherwise.

## Example
```python
Input: s = "([{}])"

Output: true
```

## Solution
```python
class Solution:
    def isValid(self, s: str) -> bool:
        stack = []
        hashmap = {")" : "(", "}" : "{", "]" : "["}
        for c in s:
            if c in list(hashmap.values()):
                stack.append(c)
            else:
                if len(stack):
                    if stack[-1] == hashmap[c]:
                        stack.pop()
                    else:
                        return False
                else:
                    return False
        return True if not len(stack) else False
```

We can use a stack (and a HashMap $\rightarrow$ A lookup table to optimize) to keep track of the opening brackets we see in the given string. When we find an opening bracket, we can push it onto the stack. That way, whenever we find a closing bracket, we can look up the corresponding opening bracket in our lookup table to check if the last character pushed onto the stack is the corresponding opening bracket. If it is, we can pop it out of the stack. If it isn't we can immediately return False.

The last check is when the given string only contains opening brackets. If that is the case, then the stack will not be empty (as the opening brackets will remain). A return value of `True` will only occur when the stack is completely empty, meaning that each opening bracket had its corresponding closing bracket in the given string. Thus we can make sure to check if the stack is empty before determining what to return.